TINY-8840:  Added new SPAP promotion to the editor (#8027)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- New `text_patterns_lookup` option to provide additional text patterns dynamically #TINY-8778

> - New SPAP element to editor to promote premium #TINY-8840

Reviewer: We need to document the `promotion` option to be able to disable this... additionally no customer is going to know what SPAP means. So maybe something like this:
```suggestion
- New promotion element has been added to the UI and can be disabled using the new `promotion` option #TINY-8840
```

Author: I wasn't sure if we were to document the option or not, due to some suggestions that it shouldn't be. But I might have misunderstood something.

> - New Promotion element to editor to promote premium #TINY-8840

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New Promotion menu element to promote premium features #TINY-8840
```
